1. ==In an X-Y Plane there are N numbers of points. Each point has a weight associated with it. Define the data structure for the above problem (10). Find the point with maximum weight in O(1) time(5 ). Assuming all points are connected then count only the number of vertical and horizontal lines (5+5). Deallocate all the memory before exiting the program and use assertions to test the functionalities (5 Marks).== 

2. ==A software is used to store the grocery items of a store. Store maintains item_id, item_name, item_unit_price, item_current_stock (10). When customers buy items from this shop (Need not store the details of the items purchased by the customers) the software updates the item_current_stock accordingly (5). When customer tries to buys an item, software should check the available quantity against the order and return 1 if it is successful and 0 if not (5). Customers can search an item by item_name (5). Deallocate all the memory before exiting the program and use assertions to test the functionalities (5 Marks).== 

3. Mr. X starts bike rental services in Bengaluru. He maintains the details of the vehicle like bike_id, bike_name, bike_cc, hourly_charges etc (10). Rental charges varies with bike_cc. Less than 125 CC hourly charges of 20 rupees, 125 CC – 150 CC 25 rupees and above 150 CC 30 rupees per hour. Create transaction for renting the available bike (10) and calculate the rental cost accordingly (5). Deallocate all the memory before exiting the program and use assertions to test the functionalities (5 Marks).

4. An IPL auction is taking place for 10 players. Three teams are contending for the auction. Team A has 6 Crores, Team B has 8 Crores and Team C has 7 Crores. Each player sets a base price for the bidding (10). Create transactions of bidding process (5). Ensure that team cannot spend more than how much money they have (5). At the end, find which player is sold for which team along with the price and which players are not sold (5). Deallocate all the memory before exiting the program and use assertions to test the functionalities (5 Marks).

5. A dating site was launched to find the right mate. Initial match was done on the basis of hobbies. A user can add two hobbies (cricket, music, reading etc). Later right mate is shortlisted based on two expectations from the partner (eg. Tall, educated, software engineer, humorous etc). Define a data structure for the dating site. Insert the details of users (guys and girls) (10). Write a function to find the right match for guy/girl based on hobbies (5) (Note: user can find more than one match). Once the hobbies are met, shortlist the partner based on expectations (10). Deallocate all the memory before exiting the program and use assertions to test the functionalities (5 Marks).

6. In a Mall there are 200 car parking space. Customers car are charged for the parking, whereas shop owners are given one vehicle free parking space. Whenever a vehicle enters or leaves the parking area, vehicle number and time is noted (10). When the vehicle leaves the parking space parking charges are collected. For first two hrs 20 rupees and every additional 1 hr 10 rupees is charged. Generate transactions for vehicles to enter and leave the parking area and calculate the charges for each vehicle (10). Deallocate all the memory before exiting the program and use assertions to test the functionalities (5 Marks).
